Added release script using release-it (#44)
mraible/infoq-mini-book: README.adoc

== Releasing/Publishing

This project includes GitHub action workflows to build and publish the book (PDF, EPUB, HTML). To trigger this, you have two options:

* Use GitHub's UI to create the release from your book repository
* Run the following script: `npm run release`

Once completed, the publish workflow will attach the generated files to the release page.

> Note that for the second option (i.e., the release npm script), you'll need to make sure that a GITHUB_TOKEN environment variable is available, as explained here: https://github.com/release-it/release-it/blob/master/docs/environment-variables.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for the second option (i.e., the release npm script), you'll need to make sure that a GITHUB_TOKEN environment variable is available, as explained in [release-it's documentation](https://github.com/release-it/release-it/blob/master/docs/environment-variables.md).
```
